{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f19\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f20\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f22\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f23\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f24\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f29\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f30\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 endnote text;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext16 footnote text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs18 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\s19\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 header;}{\s20\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 footer;}}{\info{\author Jay Wood}{\operator Jay Wood}{\creatim\yr2000\mo1\dy21\hr9\min8}{\revtim\yr2007\mo7\dy6\hr9\min55}{\version28}{\edmins225}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords1396}{\nofchars7959}
{\*\company Visi-Trak Corporation}{\nofcharsws9774}{\vern113}}\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \psz1\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\f1\fs30\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs17\super #}{ install_and_update}}}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 True-Trak 2020\'99 Version 7 Installation and Update Help
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 You may either install a new TrueTrak system or update an existing system.
\par 
\par Installing a new system involves creating a root directory and then subdirectories under that for the executables and the d
atabase files. An icon will be added to the desktop for the "TrueTrak 2020 Monitoring System". If you have Windows NT, a port driver (VisiPort) will be installed.
\par 
\par Updating an existing system involves copying a new set of executables and updating the database with any necessary changes.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \li1890\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\uldb\cgrid0 Install New TrueTrak System}{\v\f1\fs28\cgrid0 install_new}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\uldb\cgrid0 Update Existing TrueTrak System}{\v\f1\fs28\cgrid0 update_existing}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \li1890\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\uldb\cgrid0 Updating from Version 6 to Version 7}{\v\f1\fs28\cgrid0 update_v6_to_v7}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\f1\fs24\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ install_new}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Install New TrueTrak System}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Use this component to install the TrueTrak system for the first time.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Installation Directory:}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 
\par This is the root directory into which the TrueTrak system will be installed. The default is C:\\V5. You can change this to another drive if you wish. If you change the root directory name from V5 you will have to e
nter this name manually into future updates. Otherwise there is no problem with using a different name.
\par The program will create three subdirectories in this root directory. These will be
\par 
\par     C:\\V5\\EXES\tab - Executables, initialization files, and menus
\par     C:\\V5\\DATA\tab - Database files.
\par     C:\\V5\\BACKUP\tab - Temporary backup files.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Part Editor At TrueTrak Startup:
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if you want the part editor program to be started automatically.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Monitor Setups At TrueTrak Startup
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkb
ox if you want the Monitor Setups program to start automatically. Normally you would only want this to happen on a portable system, where you want to select the machine to be monitored before starting the Board Monitor program. If this checkbox is checked
 you normally do NOT want the next checkbox, the }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Board Monitor at TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  checkbox, to be checked.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Board Monitor At TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox if you want the Board Monitor program, the one that acquires data and saves it to the database after each shot, to be started automatically. For FasTrak2\'99 systems this is the Sure-Trak2\'99 Control program as well.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 SureTrak Control Installed}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Select this checkbox if this computer has a SureTrak Shot Control System installed or if this is an office workstation and you wish to be able to look at the SureTrak setups.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par Start SureTrak Control At TrueTrak Startup
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if this computer has a SureTrak Shot Control System installed and you want to start the Shot Control Interface p
rogram, the one that downloads the control program and control profile to the Sure-Trak board, to be started automatically. You will normally want to do this on a shot control system. If this is a Sure-Trak2\'99 this will be grayed out, as the FasTrak2
\'99 Board Monitor and Sure-Trak2\'99 control are the same program.}{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Control Setup
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 When you install a control system you will normally only have one machine defined. This set of choices lets you pick the rod type and units that will be used.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par Automatically Start When the Computer Boots
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Selecting this checkbox will add the TrueTrak start program to the Windows Startup menu, causing the computer to automatically start the TrueTrak software when Windows starts up.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Install Windows NT Drivers for the Monitor Program:}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par The first time you install the program on a Windows NT system you must install the hardware drivers. This is only necessary one time. }{\f1\fs28\cf6\cgrid0 This is NOT necessary for FasTrak2\'99 and Sure-Trak2\'99 systems.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par Computer Type
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par Here you can specify what type of installation you are making. 
\par 
\par A }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Monitoring Computer}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is actually connected to the die cast machine, either through a FasTrak1 o
r FasTrak2 board. This is the computer that records the shot data. On control systems this computer also updates the control information.
\par 
\par A Monitoring Computer can monitor either }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 FasTrak1}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  or }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 FasTrak2}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  boards. You must choose which you will be using.
\par 
\par A }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Data Archiver}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is networked to one or more Monitoring Computers. It makes copies of the shot data as shots are made and periodically compresses this data into zip archives.
\par 
\par A }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Local Installation on the Data Archiver}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is a second installation on the Data Archive
r computer that is used to restore data from the zip archives. This installation is not aware of the network and has no effect on any of the Monitoring Computers.
\par 
\par Local Installations can also be installed on other computers that have access to the zip archives.
\par 
\par An }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Office Workstation}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is networked to one or more Monitoring Computers. It allows someone to view real-time shot information without being at the Monitoring Computer. This computer has no data of it\rquote 
s own. It can only view data from the Monitoring Computer(s).
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Use Restore Point
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 If you have a restore point you can use the data contained therein instead of the standard data. If the Auto Restore Directory is in the default location (\~D:\\Autoback\\Current\~
) the editbox will automatically be filled with this path. Checking the }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Use Restore Point}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  checkbox will restore your last configuration.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28 {Browse for Restore Path
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 If you have an Auto Restore directory located in someplace other than D:\\Autoback\\Current then you can use this button to browse to that location. 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\f1\fs24\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ update_existing}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Update Existing TrueTrak System}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This component allows you to update your existing system to the latest version of the TrueTrak Software.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Directory of Exes:}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 
\par This is where the update program thinks your existing EXES directory is found. If you are using the default location then this will be C:\\V5\\EXES\\. If you are using a
 drive other than C the program will probably find the EXES directory as well. If you renamed the root directory to something other than V5 then you will have to enter the directory yourself. For example, if you used D:\\
VISITRAK for your root directory then you will have to enter D:\\VISITRAK\\EXES\\ in this entry.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Monitor Setups At TrueTrak Startup
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if you want the Monitor Setups program to start automatically. Normally you would only want this to happen on a portable system, where 
you want to select the machine to be monitored before starting the Board Monitor program. If this checkbox is checked you normally do NOT want the next checkbox, the }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Board Monitor at TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
 checkbox, to be checked.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Board Monitor At TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Select this checkbox if you want the Board Monitor program, the one that acquires data and saves it to the database after each shot, to be started automatically.
\par 
\par If you do not select this box, the Monitor Setups program will normally be started instead, allowing you to choose a new machine and part before starting the Board Monitor.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 SureTrak Control Installed}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Select this checkbox if this computer has a Sure-Trak\'99 or Sure-Trak2\'99 Shot Control System installed or if this is an office workstation and you wish to be able to look at the Sure-Trak\'99 setups.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par Start SureTrak Control At TrueTrak Startup
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if this computer has a SureTrak Shot Control System installed and you want to start the Shot Control Interface program, the one that downloads the control program and control profile to the Sure-Trak\'99
 board, to be started automatically. You will normally want to do this on a shot control system.
\par 
\par If this is a Sure-Trak2\'99 system this will be grayed out, as the Board Monitor handles both the monitor and control.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 FasTrak2\'99
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Checking this box sets up the system to use the new FasTrak2\'99 rather than the older FasTrak\'99 and Sure-Trak\'99 ISA Bus boards.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This is a local installation on the Data Archiver
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 The Data Archiver has two installations
. One, in the V5DS directory, is connected to the network and archives shots as they are made. The other, in the V5 directory, is a local installation that does not connected to the network and is only for viewing archived data. You should check this box 
when you are updating the local installation.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This is an Office Workstation or Data Archiver
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Check this box when updating the Data Archiver (V5DS) or an Office Workstation that will be viewing the Monitoring Computers realtime.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Copy FT2 Control Files
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 The 
Control File that is uploaded to the Sure-Trak2 board used to be a single file called ftii_control_program.txt. This has been changed to include 5 files, each for a different configuration of the system. When the update screen appears this checkbox will b
e checked if the current installation is missing one or more of these files or if they are older than the ones being installed. If you uncheck this box the files will NOT be copied. If they are missing your machine will not run. 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\f1\fs24\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ update_v6_to_v7}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Updating from Version 6 to Version 7
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Version 7 uses a slightly different database structure. Once you have updated to Version 7 you cannot go back to Version 6 and, if you are on a network, other computers with Version 6 will not be able to view the shots on your computer.

\par 
\par The computer directory has been eliminated. The directory changes are illustrated below.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx990\tx1980\tx4050\tx6930\adjustright {\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Version\tab Root\tab Computer\tab Machine\tab Part
\par V6\tab C:\\V5\tab C:\\V5\\DATA\\C01\tab C:\\V5\\DATA\\C01\\E20\tab C:\\V5\\DATA\\C01\\E20\\VISITRAK}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 V7\tab C:\\V5\tab C:\\V5\\DATA\tab C:\\V5\\DATA\\E20\tab C:\\V5\\DATA\\E20\\VISITRAK
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 The 
program has also been changed to use the machine directory name as the machine name and the part directory name as the part name. For example, to change the machine name of the E20 machine in the above example one would only have to change the directory n
ame from C:\\V5\\DATA\\E20 to C:\\V5\\DATA\\DieCastPress12 and the new machine name would be DieCastPress12.
\par 
\par Machine and Part names should not be longer than 50 characters. For display and entry purposes the practical limit to the names is less than this.
\par }}