{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fdecor Courier New;
\f2\fswiss Arial;}
\deff0

#{\footnote topic1}
${\footnote My Topic}

\par
{\uldb Editing Machines}{\v machines}.
\par
{\uldb Editing Parts}{\v parts}.
\par
\page

#{\footnote machines}
${\footnote Editing Machines}
Editing Machines is easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote parts}
${\footnote Editing Parts}

\par
{\uldb Advanced Part Setup}{\v advanced_part}.
\par
{\uldb Limit Switches}{\v limit_switches}.
\par
{\uldb Velocity Positions}{\v velocity_positions}.
\par
{\uldb Velocity Ranges}{\v velocity_ranges}.
\par
{\uldb Analog Inputs}{\v analog_inputs}.
\par
{\uldb Parameter Limits}{\v parameter_limits}.
\par
{\uldb Production Setup Information}{\v production}.
\par
{\uldb Alarm Wires}{\v alarm_wires}.
\par
{\uldb Profile Marks}{\v profile_marks}.
\par
\page

#{\footnote advanced_part}
${\footnote Advanced Part Setup}
Advanced part setup is easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote limit_switches}
${\footnote Limit Switches}
Limit switches are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote velocity_positions}
${\footnote Velocity Positions}
Velocity Positions are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote velocity_ranges}
${\footnote Velocity Ranges}
Velocity Ranges are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote analog_inputs}
${\footnote Analog Inputs}
Analog Inputs are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote parameter_limits}
${\footnote Parameter Limits}
Parameter Limits are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote profile_marks}
${\footnote Profile Marks}
Profile Marks are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote alarm_wires}
${\footnote Alarm Wires}
Alarm Wires are easy.
\par
\page

#{\footnote production}
${\footnote Production Setup Information}
Production Setup Information is easy.
\par
\page

}
