{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f229\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f230\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f232\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f233\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f234\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 endnote text;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footnote text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs18 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{
\s19\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 header;}{\s20\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 footer;}}{\info{\author Jay Wood}{\operator jay}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo1\dy21\hr9\min8}{\revtim\yr2016\mo8\dy8\hr14\min43}{\version40}{\edmins312}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1185}{\nofchars6760}{\*\company Visi-Trak Corporation}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \psz1\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\f1\fs30\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ install_and_update}}}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 True-Trak 2020\'99
 Version 8 Installation and Update Help
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 You may either install a new TrueTrak system or update an existing system.
\par 
\par Installing a new system involves creating a root directory and then subdirectories under that for the executables and the database files. An icon will be added to the desktop for the "TrueTrak 2020 Monitoring System". 
\par 
\par Updating an existing system involves copying a new set of executables and updating the database with any necessary changes.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \li1890\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\uldb\cgrid0 Install New TrueTrak System}{\v\f1\fs28\cgrid0 install_new}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\uldb\cgrid0 Update Existing TrueTrak System}{\v\f1\fs28\cgrid0 update_existing}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\f1\fs24\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ install_new}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Install New TrueTrak System}{
\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Use this component to install the TrueTrak system for the first time.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Installation Directory:}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This is the root directory into which the TrueTrak system will be installed. The default is C:\\
V5. You can change this to another drive if you wish. If you change the root directory name from V5 you will have to enter this name manually into future updates. Otherwise there is no problem with using a different name.
\par The program will create three subdirectories in this root directory. These will be
\par 
\par     C:\\V5\\EXES\tab - Executables, initialization files, and menus
\par     C:\\V5\\DATA\tab - Database files.
\par     C:\\V5\\BACKUP\tab - Temporary backup files.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Part Setups At TrueTrak Startup:
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if you want the Part Setup program to be started automatically when the True-Trak programs started.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Monitor Setups At TrueTrak Startup
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if you want the Monitor Setups program to start automatically. Normally you would o
nly want this to happen on a portable system, where you want to select the machine to be monitored before starting the Board Monitor program. If this checkbox is checked you normally do NOT want the next checkbox, the }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
Start Board Monitor at TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  checkbox, to be checked.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start FasTrak Board Monitor At TrueTrak Startup
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if you want the FasTrak Board Monitor program, the one that acquires data and saves it to the database after each shot, to be started automatically. This is the Sure-Trak2\'99
 Control program as well.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 SureTrak Control Installed}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if this computer has a SureTrak Shot Control System installed or if this is an office workstation and you wish to be able to look at the SureTrak setups.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Control Setup
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 When you install a control system you will normally only have one machine defined. This set of choices lets you pick the rod type and units that will be used.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Automatically Start When the Computer Boots
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Selecting this checkbox will add the TrueTrak start program to the Windows Startup menu, causing the computer to automatically start the TrueTrak software when Windows starts up.
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Computer Type}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Here you can specify what type of installation you are making. 
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-540\li540\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 1.\tab A }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Monitoring Computer}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is actually connected t
o the die cast machine through a FasTrak2 board. This is the computer that records the shot data. On control systems this computer also updates the control information.
\par 
\par 2.\tab A }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Data Archiver}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is networked to one or more Monitoring Computers. It makes copies of the shot data as shots are made and periodically compresses this data into zip archives.
\par 
\par 3.\tab A }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Local Installation on the Data Archiver}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is a second installation on the Data Archiver computer that is used to restore data from the zip archives. This install
ation is not aware of the network and has no effect on any of the Monitoring Computers.
\par 
\par }\pard \li540\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Local Installations can also be installed on other computers that have access to the zip archives, allowing access to almost current data without having to be part of the realtime network.
\par }\pard \fi-540\li540\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par 4.\tab An }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Office Workstation}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  is networked to one or more Monitoring Computers. It allows someone to view real-time shot information without being at the Monitoring Computer. This computer has no data of it\rquote 
s own. It can only view data from the Monitoring Computer(s).
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Use Restore Point
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 If you have a restore point you can use the data contained therein instead of the standard data. If the Auto Restore Directory is in the default location (\~D:\\Autoback\\Current\~
) the editbox will automatically be filled with this path. Checking the }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Use Restore Point}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  checkbox will restore your last configuration.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Browse for Restore Path
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 If you have an Auto Restore directory located in someplace other than D:\\Autoback\\Current then you can use this button to browse to that location. 
\par 
\par Setting the Properties of the 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\f1\fs24\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ update_existing}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Update Existing TrueTrak System}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 \{bmc setup-update.bmp\}
\par This component allows you to update your existing system to the latest version of the TrueTrak Software.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Directory of Exes:}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This is where the update program thinks your existing EXES directory is found. If you are using the default location then this will be C:\\V5\\EXES\\
. If you are using a drive other than C the program will probably find the EXES directory as well. If you renamed the root directory to something other than V5 then you will have to enter the directory yourself. For example, if you used D:\\
VISITRAK for your root directory then you will have to enter D:\\VISITRAK\\EXES\\ in this entry.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Monitor Setups At TrueTrak Startup
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select 
this checkbox if you want the Monitor Setups program to start automatically. Normally you would only want this to happen on a portable system, where you want to select the machine to be monitored before starting the Board Monitor program. If this checkbox
 is checked you normally do NOT want the next checkbox, the }{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Board Monitor at TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0  checkbox, to be checked.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Start Board Monitor At TrueTrak Startup}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if you want the Board Monitor program, the one that acquires data and saves it to the database after each shot, to be started automatically.
\par 
\par If you do not select this box, the Monitor Setups program will normally be started instead, allowing you to choose a new machine and part before starting the Board Monitor.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 SureTrak Control Installed}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Select this checkbox if this computer has a Sure-Trak2\'99 Shot Control System installed or if this is an office workstation and you wish to be able to look at the Sure-Trak\'99 setups.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This is a local installation on the Data Archiver
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 The Data
 Archiver has two installations. One, in the V5DS directory, is connected to the network and archives shots as they are made. The other, in the V5 directory, is a local installation that does not connect to the network and is only for viewing archived dat
a. You should check this box when you are updating the local installation.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 This is an Office Workstation or Data Archiver
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Check this box when updating the Data Archiver (V5DS) or an Office Workstation that will be viewing the Monitoring Computers realtime.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Copy FT2 Control Files
\par }\pard \sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 The Control File that is uploaded to the Sure-Trak2 board is a single file called control_all.txt.
\par If control_all.txt file in the new installation is newer than your current file the word "New" will appear at the right as shown here.
\par \{bmc setup-update-new.bmp\}}{\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 You may or may not want to update this file. If you have a SureTrak2}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 228 \\f "Symbol" \\s 14}{\fldrslt\f3\fs28}}}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 
 control and it is working correctly you probably do NOT want to update this file. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx990\tx1980\tx4050\tx6930\adjustright {\f1\fs28\cgrid0 If the checkbox is checked, the control_all.txt file will be copied from the installation to your system. The checkbox will not be checked automatically.
\par }}