{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f119\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f120\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f122\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f123\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f124\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f131\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f132\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f134\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f135\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f136\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 endnote text;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footnote text;}{\*\cs17 
\additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs18 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author Jay Wood}{\operator Jay Wood}{\creatim\yr2013\mo11\dy14\hr14\min45}{\revtim\yr2013\mo11\dy14\hr15\min1}{\version4}{\edmins12}
{\nofpages3}{\nofwords283}{\nofchars1617}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws1985}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\endnotes\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale150 \fet1\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\fs22\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super t}{\fs24\cgrid0 opic1}}${\footnote\ftnalt 
\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super My Topi}{\fs24\cgrid0 c}}}{\cs18\b\fs28 Export}{\b\fs28\cgrid0  Shot Parameters}{\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\fs28\cgrid0 This function allows you to export parameter data to the Windows Clipboard.
\par 
\par The part used is the one currently displayed on the Plot screen.
\par 
\par The individual shots are shown on the left. You can choose a subset of these if you wish.
\par 
\par The parameters that you wish to export are listed on the right. Choose one or more. (Holding down the <Ctrl> key while selecting a parameter will add it to the list without removing any others.)
\par 
\par If you choose "Export to CSV File" instead of "Export to Clipboard"  then a Comma Separated File will be created and the parameter data will be written to this file. The path name of the file must be specif
ied in the editbox to the right of the "Export to CSV File" radio button. The path name should be of the form 
\par 
\par d:\\Z01154t4-Parameters.csv
\par 
\par The path name can point to anywhere that you have write permission, including network directories, as in 
\par 
\par \\\\WS0\\Parameters\\2013-05-24\\backup.csv
\par 
\par Pressing "Begin Export" will copy the selected parameters to the clipboard or CSV file.. If you are copying to the clipboard, each field will be separated by a tab. Each record is terminated with a CR/LF combination.
\par 
\par There are two fields in the first row. The machine name and the part name.
\par The fields in the second row contain the parameter names.
\par The parameter data is next, one row for each shot.
\par Following this are four rows containing the alarm and warning levels for each parameter.
\par The last row contains the units for each parameter.
\par Example output follows.
\par }{\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 M01          VISITRAK
\par Shot Number  Date       Time      Fill Time   Total Shot Time
\par 1            08/15/2013 15:17:08  28.9130     626.461
\par 2            08/15/2013 15:17:24  28.9130     626.461
\par Alarm        Min                  0.0         0.0
\par Alarm        Max                  0.0         600.0
\par Warn         Min                  0.0         0.0
\par Warn         Max                  0.0         0.0
\par Units                             MS          MS}{\fs24\cgrid0 
\par \page }{
\par }}