{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar \f4\fs28 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\author Jay Wood}{\operator Jay Wood}
{\creatim\yr1995\mo8\dy25\hr8\min58}{\revtim\yr1996\mo11\dy19\hr10\min40}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords356}{\nofchars2034}{\*\company Visi-Trak Corporation}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs28 {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} Topic1}} {
\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} FasTrak Help}} FasTrak Help
\par 
\par The fastrak system includes the following components:
\par {\uldb Machine Editor}{\v machines}
\par {\uldb Part Editor}{\v parts}
\par 
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} machines}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Machine Editor}} {\fs32 Machine Editor}
\par 
\par \pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx990 The machine editor allows you to setup your machine.
\par 
\par {\b Machine Number:}
\par \pard \widctlpar\tx990 Select the machine you want to view from this list box.
\par \pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx990 
\par {\b Machine Type:}
\par \pard \widctlpar\tx990 Specify whether this machine is a Cold or Hot Chamber machine.
\par \pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx990 
\par {\b Rod Pitch:}
\par \pard \widctlpar\tx990 Specify the spacing of the grooves on the plunger.
\par \pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx990 
\par {\b Edit Menu Pulldown:}
\par \pard \fi-540\li540\widctlpar\tx540 Ins:\tab Select this to insert a new machine. The new machine will be copied from the current machine that is selected. All of the setup parameters will be the same and the default part will be copied as well.
\par \pard \widctlpar\tx540 Del:\tab Delete the current machine and all of its parts.
\par \pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx990 ______________
\par See also
\par {\uldb Advanced Machine Setup}{\v advmachines}
\par \pard \widctlpar \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} parts}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Part Editor}} Part Editor
\par 
\par The part editor allows you to setup each part.
\par 
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} advmachines}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Advanced Machine Setup}} {\fs32 Advanced Machine Setup}
\par 
\par {\b Number of Impact Points}
\par The impact pressure is the peak pressure at impact. This peak normally occurs just after impact but can be just before. The number of Position Impact Points is the number of points before impact that the program will search for the pressure peak. The numb
er of points is based on the rod pitch so if the rod pitch is 20P then there are 20 points per inch.
\par 
\par The number of \ldblquote Time\rdblquote  Impact Points  is the number of points after impact that the program will search for the pressure peak. Sampli
ng after impact is time based. The normal sampling frequency is one point per millisecond but this can be changed in the {\uldb part editor}{\v parts}.
\par 
\par {\b Parameter Pressure Type}
\par Use this to select the type of pressure that will be used to calculate the post impact parameters. The choices are head pressure, rod pressure, and, if the differential pressure is defined, differential pressure.
\par 
\par {\b Differential Curve Type}
\par This specifies the curve to be used to calculate the differential pressure.
\par 
\par {\b Machine Down Cycle Timeout
\par }This specifies the number of seconds that a machine must be idle before the program decides that the machine is down.
\par 
\par {\b Auto Shot Timeout}
\par This specifies the number of seconds the program should wait after receiving the autoshot signal before deciding that the machine has timed out and no shot is going to be received. This timeout is normally 30 seconds. This timeout does not affect the whet
her the machine is considered to be down.
\par 
\par {\b FasTrak Channel for Head and Rod Pressure}
\par Choose the FasTrak channel to which the Head and Rod Pressures are connected. Both must be set in order to calculate differential pressure.
\par }