{\rtf1\ansi

{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fdecor Courier New;
\f2\fswiss Arial;
}
\deff2

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue0;
}

#{\footnote topic1}
${\footnote My Topic}
\fs30 \qc
\bPassword Help
\par
\par
\pard
\plain
Password levels are used to control access to the different portions
 of the TrueTrak system.
\par
\par
Each password has a level associated with it. These levels start at 0 and go up to 9.
 Higher levels allow you to access more parts of the system. For example, your level
 must be at least 5 in order for you to be able to edit parts and save the changes.
\par
\par
{\uldb Set the Current Password Level}{\v enterpassword}
\par
{\uldb Edit the Password List}{\v editpassword}
\par
{\uldb Edit Global Options}{\v editoptions}
\par
\page

#{\footnote enterpassword}
${\footnote Set the Current Password Level}
\fs30 \qc
{\b Set the Current Password Level}
\par
\par
\pard
\plain
{\b Enter Password:}
\par
\par
Enter a new password in this editbox. When you press "OK", the program looks up the
 password that you typed. If there is a match with one of the passwords in the password
 list then the current password level will be set to whatever level that password is associated with
 (matching is not case sensitive).
\par
\par
{\b Edit Passwords:}
\par
\par
If you are at the {\cf2 highest} password level in the password file, this button will be active (not gray). Pressing it will
 bring up the dialog for editing the password list.
\par
\par
{\b Edit Options:}
\par
\par
This button appears on the password entry screen when the current
 password level is the {\cf2 highest} in the password file. It is assumed that
 the person with the highest password level is the administrator.
 Pressing the button allows the administrator to change global options
 such as the password level required for various actions and whether or
 not to enable global options such as part-based corner parameter
 settings.
\page

#{\footnote editpassword}
${\footnote Edit the Password List}
\par
\fs30 \qc
{\b Edit the Password List}
\par
\pard
\plain
\par
This dialog allows you to edit the list of passwords and the the user and
 password level associated with each one.

\par
\par
{\b Level:}
\par
\par
This column contains the level associated with the current password. Normal
 levels are between 0 and 9 inclusive, with 0 being the lowest level and 9
 the highest.
\par
\par

{\b Password:}
\par
\par
This column contains the password itself. The password is NOT case sensitive,
 so "DEFAULT" is the same as "DeFault".
\par
\par
{\b User Name:}
\par
\par
This column contains the name of the user of this password. At the present time
 this is only used if you have enabled password change logging. If you are not using
 this feature then you may leave this column blank.
\par
\par
Notice that if either the "Level" or "Password" column is blank, the program will not allow you to save the
 changes.
\par
\par
{\b Insert}
\par
\par
Pressing the Insert key will cause a new entry to be created in the password list.
 Both the level and password must be entered before the changes can be saved.
\par
\par
{\b Delete}
\par
\par
Pressing the Delete key will delete the current password.
\par
\par
{\b Save Changes}
\par
\par
Pressing this button saves the current password list, completely replacing
 the existing list.
\par
\par
If the password of one of the entries is the word "DEFAULT", the level
 associated with this entry will be set when the plot program starts up.
\par
\par
{\b Copy to Network}
\par
\par
This checkbox is located on the bottom right of the dialog. If it is checked when you save
 changes then the changes will also be copied to all the computers known to the
 computer you are at. For example, if you are at an Office Workstation that knows
 about all the Monitoring Computers then the new passwords will be copied to all the
 Monitoring Computers but not to the Data Server or to any other Office Workstations.
\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote editoptions}
${\footnote Edit the Computer-Based Options}
\fs30 \qc
\bGlobal Options
\par
\par
\pard
\plain
The options on this page allow you to change the levels required for
 various controls as well as to enable or disable certain options.
 Right-click on the options to read more about them.

\page


}

