{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fdecor Courier New;
\f2\fswiss Arial;}
\deff2
#{\footnote topic1}
${\footnote My Topic}
Visitrak Tools Menu Help
\fs20
\par
\par
Tools
\par
\par
{\uldb Operator Signon}{\v opsignon}
\par
{\uldb Part Editor}{\v parteditor}
\par
{\uldb Machine Editor}{\v machineeditor}
\par
{\uldb Board Monitor}{\v boardmonitor}
\par
{\uldb Monitor Configuration}{\v monitorconfig}
\par
{\uldb Sensors}{\v sensorsdef}
\par
{\uldb Backup and Restore}{\v  backuprestore}
\par
{\uldb FasTrak Board Setup}{\v ftboardsetup}
\par
{\uldb Export Parameter Data}{\v exportparams}
\par
{\uldb Down-Time}{\v downsetup}
\par
{\uldb Edit Downtimes}{\v editdown}
\par
{\uldb SureTrak Control &Interface}{\v sci}
\par
\page

#{\footnote opsignon}
${\footnote Operator Signon}
Change the operator assigned to a machine.
\page

#{\footnote parteditor}
${\footnote Part Editor}
Basic/Advanced Setup, Parameters, Marks, Channels, Suretrak, Create/Delete/Copy Parts.
\page

#{\footnote machineeditor}
${\footnote Machine Editor}
Machine Editor, Advanced Machine Setup.
\page
#{\footnote boardmonitor}
${\footnote Board Monitor}
FasTrak Board Data Acquisition Program.
\page
#{\footnote monitorconfig}
${\footnote Monitor Configuration}
Machine to monitor, Part to monitor, Skip counts, Post-impact seconds.
\page
#{\footnote sensorsdef}
${\footnote Sensors}
Analog Sensor Definitions and equations.
\page
#{\footnote backuprestore}
${\footnote Backup and Restore}
Setups, parameters, and profiles. Delete, purge, and renumber.
\page
#{\footnote ftboardsetup}
${\footnote FasTrak Board Setup}
Computer list, board list, machines at each board.
\page
#{\footnote exportparams}
${\footnote Export Parameter Data}
Export parameter data to the windows clipboard.
\page
#{\footnote downsetup}
${\footnote Down-Time}
Downtime categories and sub-categories.
\page
#{\footnote editdown}
${\footnote Edit Downtimes}
Edit and insert downtime records.
\page
#{\footnote sci}
${\footnote Suretrak Control Interface}
SureTrak status and debug.
\page
}

