{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fdecor Courier New;
\f2\fswiss Arial;}
\deff2

#{\footnote topic1}
${\footnote My Topic}
\fs30 \qc
\bVisitrak Version 4 to Version 5 Conversion Help
\par
\par
\pard
\plain
Before you run the V4TO5.EXE file, which, it is assumed, you are
 running now, you must create a copy of your setups from version 4
 by running the ALLTEXT.SC Paradox script. This script file should
 have been copied to your C:\\V4 directory when the Version 5 program
 was installed.

You can run the script by running a shortcut called
 "Make V4 Text DB For V5" located in the "\\V5\EXES" directory
 (the same directory as the V4TO5.EXE program).

Running this shortcut will make a text file copy of your Version 4
 part setups. These will be placed in a new directory (C:\V4LOCAL\TEMPDIR).

Once the text database has been created, you are ready to run the V4TO5.EXE
program to copy the setups to Version 5.











Password levels are used to control access to the different portions
 of the TrueTrak system.
\par
\par
Each password has a level associated with it. These levels start at 0 and go up to 9.
 Higher levels allow you to access more parts of the system. For example, your level
 must be at least 5 in order for you to be able to edit parts and save the changes.
\par
\par
{\uldb Set the Current Password Level}{\v enterpassword}
\par
{\uldb Edit the Password List}{\v editpassword}
\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote enterpassword}
${\footnote Set the Current Password Level}
\fs30 \qc
{\b Set the Current Password Level}
\par
\par
\pard
\plain
{\b Enter Password:}
\par
\par
Enter a new password in this editbox. When you press "OK", the program looks up the
 password that you typed. If there is a match with one of the passwords in the password
 list then the current password level will be set to whatever level that password is associated with
 (matching is not case sensitive).
\par
\par
{\b Edit Passwords:}
\par
\par
If your password level is 9 or greater, this button will be active (not gray). Pressing it will
 bring up the dialog for editing the password list.
\page

#{\footnote editpassword}
${\footnote Edit the Password List}
\par
\fs30 \qc
{\b Edit the Password List}
\par
\pard
\plain
\par
This dialog allows you to edit the list of passwords and the password level associated with
 each one. Click one of the lines in the listbox to copy the level and password to the
 edit boxes. Make any changes you wish and press the "Save Changes" button.
\par
\par
{\b Level:}
\par
\par
This editbox contains the level associated with the current password. Normal
 levels are between 0 and 9 inclusive, with 0 being the lowest level and 9
 the highest.
\par
\par
{\b Password:}
\par
\par
This editbox contains the password itself. The password is NOT case sensitive,
so "DEFAULT" is the same as "DeFault".
\par
\par
Notice that if either the "Level:" or "Password:" entry is blank, the program will not allow you to save the
 changes (the "Save Changes" button is grayed out).
\par
\par
{\b New}
\par
\par
Pressing this button will cause a new entry to be created in the password list.
 Both the level and password must be entered before the changes can be saved.
\par
\par
{\b Delete}
\par
\par
Pressing this button will delete the current password.
\par
\par
{\b Save Changes}
\par
\par
Pressing this button saves the current password list, completely replacing
 the existing list.
\par
\par
If the password of one of the entries is the word "DEFAULT", the level
 associated with this entry will be set when the plot program starts up.
\par
\par
\page
}

