{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f31\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f32\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f33\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 endnote text;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footnote text;}{\*\cs17 
\additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs18 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author Jay Wood}{\operator  Jay Wood}{\creatim\yr2000\mo1\dy19\hr10\min22}{\revtim\yr2006\mo11\dy28\hr13\min10}{\version20}{\edmins132}
{\nofpages15}{\nofwords1039}{\nofchars5924}{\*\company Visi-Trak Corporation}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet2\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super t}{
\f2\fs24\cgrid0 opic1}}}{\cs18\f1\fs24\super ${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super My Topic}}}{\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Backup/Restore Help}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par 
\par The backup and restore system includes the following components:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs24\uldb\cgrid0 Backup}{\v\f1\fs24\cgrid0 backupdata}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\uldb\cgrid0 Backup List}{\v\f1\fs24\cgrid0 backuplistfile}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\uldb\cgrid0 Restore}{\v\f1\fs24\cgrid0 restoredata}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\uldb\cgrid0 Delete/Renumber}{\v\f1\fs24\cgrid0 deletedata}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super b}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 ackupdata}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs18\super B}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 ackup Data}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Backup Setups and Data}{\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This component allows you to backup your data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Setups:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to backup your machine and part setups.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Scrap/Downtime:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to backup your scrap and downtime information.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Shot Profiles:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to backup your accrued shot profiles.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Shot Parameters:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to backup your accrued parameter data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Alarm Data:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to backup your alarm summary data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Purge Data:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to delete the parameter data and shot profiles once they have been backed up. If your results directory has been damaged and you need to delete all existing results data then check this box and }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
Purge Alarm Summaries}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  to delete everything except your reference trace.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Purge Alarm Summaries:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Select this checkbox to delete all alarm summary data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Save Last 50 Shots:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to preserve the parameter data and shot profiles for the most recent 50 shots when purging data. If you have not selected the Purge Data checkbox then this does nothing.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Most Recent Shots:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Select this checkbox and enter the number of shots to save if you wish to only save that many of the most recent shots. This applies to both the profiles and parameters.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Backup Zip File:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par This is the name (including the drive and path) of the }{\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 zip\~file}{\v\f1\fs24\cgrid0 zipfile}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  in which your backup data will be stored.
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 Note: When saving to the A: drive you should only use simple names such as }{\b\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 A:\\BACKUP.ZIP}{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0  or }{\b\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 A:\\W01.ZIP}{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 .
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Automatic Backup Directory:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This is the name of the directory where automatic backups will be saved. Normally this will be the root directory, D:\\, of the onboard flash drive but you may put any directory path you wish here. The directory should be
 empty, as the programs will create an AutoBackup directory here as well as other directories which will contain restore point copies of the AutoBackup directory.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Save Directory Name:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Pressing this saves the currently displayed Automatic Backup Directory name. If this refers to an empty directory or a non-existant directory the program will create an AutoBackup directory in the new d
irectory and make a backup of the current  setup files there.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Make a New Restore Point:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Pressing this button will make a new restore point by copying the contents of the current AutoBackup directory. The name of the restore point directory will be made from the current date in the form 2006-12-31
. For example, if the Automatic Backup Directory is D:\\ then the restore point directory would be D:\\2006-12-31.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Zip Current Setup Files:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
This button is located in the bottom right corner of the screen. If you press it all the setup files will be saved to the Backup Zip File. The purpose of this is to create a file that can be emailed to Visi-Trak Worldwide in order to help solve problems. 

\par }{\f2\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\b\f2\cf1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ backuplistfile}}}{\cs17\f2\cf1\super\cgrid0 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs17\super $}{Backup List File }}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Backup List}{\b\f2\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This function allows you to backup a selected series of shots.
\par 
\par You select the shots to be backed up in the Plot program using the }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Clear Backup List File}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  and }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Add to Backup List (F9)}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  menu choices.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Backup Zip File:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par This is the name (including the drive and path) of the }{\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 zip\~file}{\v\f1\fs24\cgrid0 zipfile}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  in which your backup data will be stored.
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 Note: When saving to the A: drive you should only use simple names such as }{\b\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 A:\\BACKUP.ZIP}{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0  or }{\b\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 A:\\W01.ZIP}{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 .}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Begin:
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Press this button when you are ready to backup the data. Only setup and shot data will be saved.
\par }{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super l}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 oadzipfile}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super L}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
oad Zip File}}}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Load Zip File}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This component allows you to load a zip file so that you can restore part setups or data.}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super r}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 estoredata
}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super R}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 estore Data}}}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Restore Data}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This component allows you to select and restore data that has been loaded from a zip file.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Setups:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to restore your machine and part setups.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Scrap/Downtime:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to restore your scrap and downtime information.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Shot Profiles:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to restore shot profiles.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Shot Parameters:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to restore parameter data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Alarm Data:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to restore the alarm summary data. This will replace any existing alarm data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 SureTrak Pgm+Globals
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Select this checkbox to restore the global suretrak parameters such as the Jog Shot Valve Setting as well as the control program (CONTROL.PRG) that is downloaded to the control board.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Analog Sensor List
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Select this checkbox to restore the global list of analog sensors. These are saved with every part but are global in the sense that one list is used for every program on this computer. You do NOT normally need to restore this.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 FasTrak Board List
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Select this checkbox to restore the global list of FasTrak\'99 or FasTrak2\'99 boards on this computer. These are saved with every part but are global in the sense that one list is used for every progra
m on this computer. You do NOT normally need to restore this.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Load Zip File:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Press this button to choose a zip file to load. When the file has been unzipped, you will be presented with the list of machines and parts available to be restored.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Machine:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select the machine or machines to restore.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Part:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par If one machine is selected in the Machine listbox then a list of the available parts for that machine is displayed in this listbox. The number of shots that are contained in the backup is displayed for each pa
rt. One or more parts may be selected. All of the data will be restored. If there is existing data and the new data has shot numbersthat overlap the existing shot numbers, the new data will be renumbered starting with the shot number that is one past the 
highest existing shot number.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Destination Machine:
\par }\pard \sa60\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This listbox contains a list of the current machines. If you select one machine to restore from you have three options.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sa60\nowidctlpar\tx360\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 1.\tab If the machine exists already then that entry will be highlighted. If you press the begin button the data from the backup will be restored to the same machine.
\par 2.\tab If you choose a different machine in the Destination Machine listbox then the data will be restored to that machine.
\par 3.\tab If the machine does not exist then no entry in the Destination machine Listbox will be selected. If you leave it this way then a new machine will be created.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super d}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 eletedata}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs18\super D}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 elete/Renumber Data}}}{\b\f1\fs30\cgrid0 Delete or Renumber Current Data}{\f1\fs30\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx7830\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 This component allows you to delete or renumber acquired parameter data andprofiles from the TrueTrak system.
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Parameters:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to delete or renumber the current parameter data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Profiles:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this checkbox to delete or renumber the current shot profiles.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Delete:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this button to delete the indicated data.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Renumber:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par Select this button to renumber the indicated data.
\par All of the data will be renumbered. The starting number will be the one in the "First New Number" editbox. Each successive shot will be incremented by one.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 First Key Number:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par If you are renumbering data, enter the first number (normally "1") here.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Machine:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par This listbox shows the current list of machines. If more than one machine is highlighted in this list then the delete or renumber actions will be applied to all parts on those machines.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Part:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par This listbox shows the list of parts when one machine is chosen in the "Machine" listbox. If more than one part is highlighted in this list then all the data for those parts will be deleted or renumbered
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Shot:}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par This listbox shows the list of shots when one part is chosen in the "Part" listbox. This is only shown when the data is to be deleted. Renumbering is always done to all the data. The last two columns are used to indicate the
 type of data that exists. The first of these contains an "X" if there is parameter data. The second contains an "X" if there is a shot profile.
\par Only selected data will be deleted. The "All" button can be used to select all of the data at once.}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super z}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 ipfile}}$
{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super Zi}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 p File}}}{\cs18\f1 A}{\f1\cgrid0  single compressed file that contains a number of files and their associated paths.}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super p}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 opbackup}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs18\super Popup B}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 ackup}}}{\cs18\f1 Backup}{\f1\cgrid0  some or all of the setups or data to a zip file.}{\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs17\f2\fs24\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ backuplistpopup}}}{\cs18\f1 Backup }{\f1\cgrid0 a List of files that you choose in the }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Plot}{\f1\cgrid0 
 program.}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super p}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 oprestore}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super Popup Re}{
\f2\fs24\cgrid0 store}}}{\cs18\f1 Restore}{\f1\cgrid0  some or all of the setups or data from the temporary backup directory.}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super p}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 opdelete}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super Popup R}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 estore}}}{\cs18\f1 
Delete}{\f1\cgrid0  or renumber some or all of the parameter or profiles for a part.}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super p}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 oploadzip}}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs18\super Popup Lo}{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 ad Zip}}}{
\cs18\f1 Restore}{\f1\cgrid0  the data from a zip file to the temporary backup directory so you can restore individual part setups and data.
\par }{\f2\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{
\par }}